"Spam": [
            "Congratulations! You've won a $1000 gift card. Click here to claim your prize.",
            "Call now to get your free trial subscription for our exclusive service.",
            "You have been selected for a $1000 cash prize! Claim now!",
            "Limited time offer! Buy one get one free. Hurry up!",
            "Win big with our casino games! Click here to start winning.",
            "Earn money from home! No experience necessary. Apply now!",
            "Get rich quick with our new investment opportunity.",
            "Amazing deals on luxury watches. Click here to view the collection.",
            "Free vacation! Just pay the taxes and fees.",
            "Exclusive offer just for you! Buy now and save big.",
            "Get your free trial of our premium service. No credit card required.",
            "Upgrade your car with our special financing options.",
            "Your account has been compromised. Click here to secure it.",
            "Act now to receive a special discount on our products.",
            "Congratulations! You've been chosen for a special reward.",
            "Join our dating site and meet singles in your area.",
            "Claim your free gift card now! Limited time offer.",
            "Get paid to take surveys online. Sign up now!",
            "Special discount on all electronics. Shop now!",
            "Unlock the secrets to instant wealth. Click here for details."
        ],


        "Not Spam": [
            "Hi John, just wanted to confirm our meeting tomorrow at 10 AM.",
            "Thank you for your purchase! Your order will arrive within 3-5 business days.",
            "Can you send me the report by end of day? Thanks!",
            "I’m looking forward to our call next week. Let’s discuss the project.",
            "Reminder: Your appointment with Dr. Smith is tomorrow at 2 PM.",
            "Hi Alice, here’s the document you requested. Let me know if you need anything else.",
            "Please find the attached file for your review.",
            "Let’s catch up over lunch next week. What day works for you?",
            "Thank you for your feedback. We appreciate your input.",
            "The meeting has been rescheduled to next Wednesday at 3 PM.",
            "Your subscription renewal is coming up next month.",
            "I have attached the latest updates for your project.",
            "Thank you for your application. We’ll get back to you soon.",
            "Please confirm your attendance at the upcoming workshop.",
            "I’ve made the changes you requested. Let me know if everything looks good.",
            "Here’s the link to the webinar you signed up for.",
            "Your reservation at our restaurant is confirmed for Friday night.",
            "Please review the attached proposal and provide your comments.",
            "The team has completed the initial draft of the report.",
            "Just checking in to see if you need any assistance with the new software."
        ]